---
layout: post
title: "Week 4 - Browser Extension Team Presentations + Thoughts on Git"
---

**Learning new Git Commands**

This past Monday, we reviewed important Git instructions such as 'git status', 'git log', 'git branch' etc. I found this really helpful because although I have worked with Git in the past, I never sat down and truly had a review on what the common commands did. I assumed I would just pick what they all mean within due time. I also really like how it was visualized that these git commands are purely for the local machine. It gave me a greater idea of the interactions between local servers and a remote servers.

<!--more-->

**Browser Extension Team Presentations**

I was honestly blown away by how creative all the teams’ ideas were. Some of them really stuck with me—like the Virtual Pet project, which brought back memories of a browser extension I used to have, and the Cat Meme generator, which felt especially relatable since I once made a Twitter bot with a similar function.

Seeing such a wide range of projects made me realize just how many different directions you can take with a single assignment. The Color1ze team, for example, showed how easy it is to highlight and recolor all the text on a page—something I never even thought about before. It was cool to see them experiment with color manipulation in such a creative way. Then there was the Browser-Scroller group, who played around with the "body" element in JavaScript to create an automatic scrolling effect. Their project was so simple yet so unique—it made me appreciate how much you can do with just a small idea.

Going into this, I was mostly focused on functionality, but seeing so many different approaches really reignited my creativity. It reminded me that coding doesn’t always have to serve a super practical purpose—sometimes, it can just be fun. This whole experience has made me want to explore more side projects just for the sake of experimenting and seeing what I can come up with. 