---
layout: post
title: "Week 3 - Browser Add-On Activity Reflection"
---
**Building Our Own Browser Add-On from Scratch**

My team chose to develop a browser add-on that will give users the capability to convert any two currency amounts (for example, Euros to Dollars). We came up with the idea because we all love traveling, so we thought that this would be a useful extension for travelers who need to figure out conversion rates between different currencies. I would say our greatest challenge is our inexperience with creating browser extensions. My team is rather inexperienced in JavaScript and browser extension development, so it's important to look online for resources. 

<!--more-->

I would say my biggest contributions to this project have been editing the User Interface of the project and including several important open-source files to our Github repository including our ReadMe, Contribution, and Licensing files. I realized when I was using the extension that the user-interface was not very pretty-looking because, our address bar to enter in a value extended past the rest of the drop-down menus due to inconsistent sizing. I fixed this by adding a CSS file would make all of the dropdown menus and the address bar the exact same width, making the extension look much more uniform. 

In reflection of the time that we can spent into this project, I enjoyed working in this group setting because it allowed us to share different ideas amongst each other. When we worked on creating the extension, it was clear that some of us were better at Git, while others were stronger in coding, so it was helpful for us to rely on each other.

