---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Choosing Semester Long Project & Team Work
---

### **Semester Long Project Updates** 

Over the past few weeks, my group and I have made steady progress. I’ve fully completed one pull request — [#29581](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/pull/29581) — and am actively working on a second — [#29571](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/pull/29571). I also have been commenting on other issues on the Github, proposing my own insight and slowly becoming more involved within the community. While our submitted pull requests have been relatively small, they’ve laid a solid foundation in terms of getting more involved in the community. In the coming weeks, I’m hoping we can take on more impactful contributions — whether that means expanding the curriculum or making improvements to the site itself.

<!--more-->

### **Shivam's Open Source Presentation**

This week, we also got to hear from Shivam about his open source journey — and honestly, it was super motivating. He talked about starting out just like us, with barely any experience, and eventually contributing to bigger projects. It is very impressive that he was able to commit himself for multiple months successfully contributing to very widespread, large projects such as Firefox and Linux. 

What stuck with me the most was how much of a difference having a mentor made for him. Especially when you’re just getting started, it helps to have someone who can guide you and keep you motivated.